# WK1-Assignment

WK1 Project
I initially made a skeleton structure for my website with the idea of centering it around the books i like to read and creating my own virtual library. However, after further consideration of the webvsite intending to be deployed and viewable to the puiblic, as well as being used as a an example of my skills to future employment, i reconsidered the subject of my website.
I eventually settled on Giant Pandas as they are my favourite animal, and immediately I had a clear visual idea of how i wanted the website to look, which i had been struggling to visualise with my previous idea. I then did some reasearch for website about Giant Pandas, such as the World Wildlife Fund and Wikipeadia. This was both to look at how the webistes were laid out and styled, as well as what information they included. From there i started changing the sections names to reflect what i wants to include.
i inspected the WWF website to see how they laid out the html code, then did the same for the tomatoe time website when I couldn't figure out how to get my ul elements to sit in a row at the top of the page. I also checked out the flexbox section of the MND website.
I struggled to work out why i couldnt align the nav section of my code without effecting everything else so I went back through the code we had done in class, and adjusted my code structure to look more like that, i.e changing the ids into classes instead.
Kept getting errors messages in vs.code and wasn't able to see the website changes in the go live. Messaged in discord, uninstalled and reinstalled the extensions and tried changing my default web browser. Also had a research around about how to make an image my website background and then how to stop it repeating.
Gave up with the photo background and came to the conclusion it would be too distracting. Researched through CSS and I'm now trying to make an ombre background but it isnt showing so instead i'm filling out the information i want in the sections on my website and will come back to it.
Started looking for images to add in and continued editing the text, making them into lists instead of p elements as I thought it looked neater and easier to read.
Added more pictures, tightened up the text a little more and then started playing around with the picture sizing and positioning trying to get it to sit where i wanted it to sit.
Now trying to sort out the text, and remember how i got them to look like they were in boxes when I did the taster session activity. Going to take a brain brain and come back to it with fresh eyes tomorrow - maybe start tomorrow by going over the positioning code and workshops we did.
Still struggling to get everything sat where I want it, asked ChatGPT to no give me any code or the answer and point me in the right direction. It gave me four areas to think about, but I'm still quite confused and getting overwhelmedm feeling very stressed - annoyed i don't have access to the taster session assingment i did so i can have a look at how i got the images and test sat next to each other. Have swapped to doing the employabitlity assignment instead, to give myself a brain break and foucs on something else before coming back to it.
Finished the careers assignment, went out for a walk wiht the dog and rubber ducked at my husband aboout the formating issues. Came back and did some more googling around the formatting I wanted to do and finally figured out how to put the text and images next to each other, now playing around with each section trying to get them positioned where I want them.
Beginning to feel like I've massively over complicated my css elements trying to get the layout right and I'm not even sure what to take out or adjust at this point. I really just want the text and images sat next to each other. I'd really like to go back and look at all the css lessons again but I dont have time since it's currently 20.30 and this needs to be submitted at 10pm. This is incredibly frustrating but my stubborness refuses to bow so we will blindly continue in the hope of getting it right.
Asked for help in discord and Will helped me format the sections by putting them in div classes. We had some trouble because the footer went rogue. Ended up putting the footer in the section.
Finally got everything just about where I want it. Doesn't look how I imagined it to when I first visualised how I wanted it to but it's as close to what I want as i think I can get for the time that I have.
Did manage to add a hover effect over the buttons which I'm really pleased about!
